README.md, before:

# Biomass Reference Map Generation using STAC and COPC 

This tutorial is divided into three scripts based on types of data used for processing as follows-

1. Python script for LAS files to COPC conversion - `convert_las_to_copc.py`
2. R notebook for Biomass Reference Map Generation based on COPC data ingested to MAAP STAC - `biomass_reference_map_v2.ipynb`
3. Python notebook for visualization of Canopy Cover LAS files along with Biomass Map generated in 2. and Digital Terrain Model (DTM) terrain map - `lonboard-viz.ipynb`

<br />

## Documentation Provided
- README
- LICENSE
- CONTRIBUTING
- CODE_OF_CONDUCT

<br />

<!-- ## Quickstart Markdown Syntax
Here are some examples of commonly-used markdown.

|  |  |
| :---: | :---: |
| `**bold**` | **bold**  |
| `*italic*` | *italic*  |
| \`code\`| `code`|

<br />
<br />

```
- list
  - sublist
  - sublist
```

- lists
  - sub list
  - sub list

<br />
<br />

\```
code block
\```


```
code block
```

<br /> -->

<!-- See [here](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) for more examples. -->

Commit message:

Update readme with live links

README.md, after:

# Biomass Reference Map Generation using STAC and COPC

Links to the live notebooks-

1. [Biomass Reference Map Production](https://notebooksharing.space/view/d6a5b475c5c4f9700153bc83d0ac984ed410f1aefd69e74b155e4f2939eff9f5#displayOptions=)
2. [Visualization of Cloud-Optimized Earth Observation Data using Lonboard](https://notebooksharing.space/view/57adff0d506145ffd354c81d854eb6bb97c381b83616f7e35ac3b90159fe5ae0#displayOptions=)
3. [Validation of Meta canopy height over Barro Colorado Island, Panama](https://notebooksharing.space/view/cdfffc8e5431231a1c9a1ad2ada11695458df3b8f0022a07d6fe295a9f75ebfe#displayOptions=)

This tutorial is divided into three scripts based on types of data used for processing as follows-

1. Python script for LAS files to COPC conversion - `convert_las_to_copc.py`
2. R notebook for Biomass Reference Map Generation based on COPC data ingested to MAAP STAC - `biomass_reference_map_v2.ipynb`
3. R notebook for validation of Meta canopy height over Barro Colorado Island, Panama - `Meta_CHM_validation.ipynb`
4. Python notebook for visualization of Canopy Cover LAS files along with Biomass Map generated in 2. and Digital Terrain Model (DTM) terrain map - `lonboard-viz.ipynb`

<br />

## Documentation Provided
- README
- LICENSE
- CONTRIBUTING
- CODE_OF_CONDUCT

<br />

<!-- ## Quickstart Markdown Syntax
Here are some examples of commonly-used markdown.

|  |  |
| :---: | :---: |
| `**bold**` | **bold**  |
| `*italic*` | *italic*  |
| \`code\`| `code`|

<br />
<br />

```
- list
  - sublist
  - sublist
```

- lists
  - sub list
  - sub list

<br />
<br />

\```
code block
\```


```
code block
```

<br /> -->

<!-- See [here](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax) for more examples. -->
